but caiman this is the hardtop cousin to
the Boxster but this is no ordinary
Cayman this one's 120 pounds lighter
about an inch lower about 10 horsepower
stronger than any other car that wears
this badge you're going to break your
butt getting into it and sweat it off
once you do and you're still going to
love it let's drive to 2012 came and are
and check the tip
okay first it tells you're getting into
a caiman arm is Oh God that pain in your
lower sacroiliac this thing's got these
racing seats that have these unforgiving
bolsters on the side it's a good
indication this is not your normal
everyday road going Porsche from there
you start to notice right away how
they've saved late on this little guy
and that's tough to do on a car that's
already small and light in it's more
pedestrian trim but things like this
that's a door pole there's no handle or
even a nice little plastic cover to hide
that screw head this that's a heater
there's no air conditioning you can even
get rid of the stereo and have two great
big ole empty gaping storage bins right
there unless you option this thing up
with Bose or the PCM navigation head
unit which I wouldn't do in this car
you're stuck with a real crappy sounding
stereo system but here's my real gripe
on this head unit it looks like hell
grayscale lousy typography now here's
our standard no extra charge six-speed
manual gearbox on this guy but if you've
got 3700 more burning a hole in your
pocket and you've got a lazy left leg
you can get the Porsche PDK that's their
dual clutch automated manual super easy
spotters tip to idea Cayman are normally
on a Boxster for example or most of the
911s now you've got an electric wing
back here that pops up under a motorized
situation out on this guy
you've got a fixed kind of a fast and
furious deal here real ugly but make it
easy to pick one of these out of the
crowd
now came in like a Boxster is a
mid-engine car so front back doesn't
matter what lid you lift you're not
going to see any motor in this thing
until you go under and getting under is
a trick because this guy is almost an
inch lower than a standard came in which
is not exactly a high rider oh and check
this out not often you see a car where
you jack up the back and the whole front
comes up too that's a stiff shell
okay this is the portion of course we're
looking at a flat six three point four
liter horizontally-opposed engine dry
sump lubrication hence you don't have
some big crankcase hanging down 330
horsepower 273 foot-pounds of torque
gets this guy up to sixty and four point
seven seconds through the gearbox which
you can see sticking out the back here
rear wheel drive only but this isn't a
dragster it's a canyon car let's go see
so again 330 horsepower out of a 3.4
liter naturally aspirated engine direct
injection in this car and variable valve
timing to the enth degree do wonders to
have it always on camp but the real
reason you buy Cayman is because it's
mid-engine because you're on a road like
this or it feels like God's stuck a
spike through the thing right back
behind me and everything turns right on
that axis but this car isn't so
overwhelming that you can't drive it at
even 50 percent of its limit you can
even ring 70 percent out of it when
you're on an ice road and that's the
kind of car I like as you probably know
by now not some car with 500 horsepower
and turbos and crazy spikey power that
isn't about the real world here's a car
you can really stretch your legs out in
while it stretches its legs out on the
pavement and does a real nice job of
that very linear very predictable
I really enjoy this caiman are but it's
a car that I would buy simple and keep
it simple that means you're gonna start
around 67 grand and not go much higher
yeah you can load it up with ceramic
brakes and Bose audio and Navin sport
chrono and who knows how many interior
tweaks but that's gonna push you
perilously close to the base price of a
911 GTS and that's a modern classic with
I think substantially different
investment value than this guy buy it
light keep it light and manage that grin
on your face you'll be busy enough